The answer is an interpretation of the information.
The question is not specific enough.
The answer contains an assumption.
Based on the information, this is not a relevant question.
eerste duren iets langer
Not enough information in the folder text to know if the chatbot answer is correct.
De vraag en het antwoord is duidelijk, maar misschien kan er bij het antwoord nog toegelicht worden van welke beveiligde verbinding ZGT gebruik maakt.
Er wordt geen antwoord gegeven op wie de volgende afspraak inplant.
Er wordt geen aanbeveling gegeven alleen genoemd dat iedere situatie uniek is.
punt 5 is niet goed.
Not the correct question. The question should be: Kan ik mij bij de fysiotherapie/ergotherapie omkleden en douchen?
The answer contains an assumption.
Based on the information, this is not a relevant question and the answer is an interpretation.
The question is not answered.
Based on the presentation of the information, it's difficult to say if the answeris correct.
The question is not specific.
geen antwoord op de vraag
Ontbreekt: wat kun je met die klachten/welke actie ondernemen
er zijn 2 folders; in dit antwoord maar 1 benoemd
antwoord niet passend voor elke operatie
kans wordt niet benoemd
geldt antwoord voor alle operaties of alleen deze genoemde?
staat niet in tekst
algemene vraag met specifiek voor deze behandeling antwoord
wat is Overig?
antwoord alleen van toepassing voor mannen
kuur afhankelijk
welke combinatietherapie?
welke kuur?
Too vague of a question
this question could also be asked about other treatments, in which case the answer would be wrong
This is a weird one about the chatbot itself. Not sure how to respond to this.
folder states it does not work for all patients, should be reflected in the answer
answer too general not an answer to the question
Weird question in the context of hospital? maybe allergy related?
it does not answer part 1 of the question (what is a shunt)
question too general, answer too specific to one folder
Weird question based on one patient situation
Missing the part about other type of vaccinations in the answer
missing info about not chewing or breaking the pills
should also reflect to inform the dentist
does not really answer the question. Should provide reason
There are other treatments not mentioned in the folder, question too specific to this folder
Missing "lump" in breast because it says 'other divergents'
it does not mention disease in question, so sending patient to specific disease support website is too specific
Question does not mention cancer patients, answer states it teaches them to upgrade their selfcarehabits in an offensive way
Correct als het in de ochtend plaatsvindt, maar niet compleet voor de middag.
Niet duidelijk wat de meest voorkomende en soms/zelden voorkomt.
In de vraag benoemen dat er een allergie is.
Not enough information in the folder text to know if the chatbot answer is correct.
Wrong formulation of question, a real Dutch person would not ask this this way. Thereby irrelevant
I doubt someone would spell the whole word, but it is technically correct
There are a lot of complications for OSAS itself, the answer contains complications of treatment with a pressuremask
it details the consequences of peeling (side effects), not the function/desired outcome
too specific answer? its fine, except for the formaldehyde comment at the end
Weird formulation of question, would not be asked liked that by patients in that way. It is relevant though.
The first step is insurrance through supplier, if not provided by supplier then the DVN can help
It is technically correct, it just does not make sense to refer to a folder like this
focused on a subpart of ingredients in the folder instead of all products this patient is allergic to
